[Music]
almost three years ago to the day
us gamers were able to play a Capcom's
fourth title in The Devil May Cry series
on major consoles while still not as
critically acclaimed as the original
PlayStation 2 brawler it carried on the
traditions of the series while adding a
fresh twist to the gameplay now iOS
gamers can get their hands on Devil May
Cry 4 refrain but with its diminished
graphics gameplay and storyline it's a
far cry from the devilish title it could
be players are given a choice of two
control schemes either giving players an
all-purpose attack button that switches
between ranged and melee combat
depending on their range or separate
ranged and melee buttons to make the
choice on their own navigating around
each of the game's tiny areas is easier
now thanks to the responsive virtual
stick though making use of advanced
features like dodging can be tricky to
perform in the heat of battle combat
itself revolves around combos with
additional points being awarded for
managing to string together powerful
attacks for as long as possible this has
made simpler thanks to the all-purpose
attack button though attempting to make
use of the e^x act system a method of
boosting your attack power borders on
useless as you have to completely forgo
moving in order to tap the opposite
corner in time with your attacks
graphically the game is surprisingly
detailed though the tiny areas low
resolution graphics and simple 3d models
harken back to the PlayStation 1 era
rather than the gorgeous graphics
present in the console version this
would be far more forgivable if the
camera wasn't awkwardly positioned in
many rooms making it difficult if not
impossible to track your targets as they
enter the battle or a knock back the
word refrain and the titles and apt
choices it serves to highlight two key
issues with this release firstly as in
the musical sense the gameplay quickly
devolved into a repetitive sequence of
attacks that require little in the way
of strategy even on boss encounters
secondly the story has been held back
leaving all but the bare essentials to
justify moving forward Devil May Cry 4
refrain is a poor facsimile of an
excellent 3d brawler but with so few
alternatives it's still one of the best
releases available caution is advised
for fans of the series this has been
Andrew with apps spy comm we review you
decide